

# MENTALIST



> After a serial killer named Red John murdered Patrick Jane's wife and daughter,
> Jane dedicated his life to hunting down and killing Red John. To that end he gave up his
> lucrative pretense of being a psychic and joined the California Bureau of Investigation (CBI)
> as a consultant to the team responsible for investigating the Red John case, led by Senior
> Agent Teresa Lisbon. Using Jane's exceptional gift for observation and his mentalist tric able
> to close an unprecedented number of cases, but Jane's unconventional and often outright
> illegal methods also bring much censure down on Lisbon's head, making his assistance both a >
> blessing and a curse. Meanwhile, the hunt for Red John continues...

*	01x01 - Pilot	| 	https://inogift.github.io/md/S1/01x01-Pilot.html	| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13568	A double murder seems to be the work of a notorious serial killer named Red John, but CBI consultant Patrick Jane thinks it's the work of a copycat.
*	01x02 - Red Hair and Silver Tape	| 	https://inogift.github.io/md/S1/01x02-Red%20Hair%20and%20Silver%20Tape.html	| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13569	The body of Melanie O'Keefe is found at a Napa Valley vineyard. Teresa believes that the murder is the result of an argument between lovers.
*	01x03 - Red Tide	| 	https://inogift.github.io/md/S1/01x03-Red%20Tide.html	| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13570	Christine 'Chris' Tanner (15) body washes up on the Santa Monica beach, found drowned in ditch water, with a surf board head-wound. Dad Jack Tanner, a construction worker whose wife died in a truck crash, claims the decent surfer crowd turned her away from drugs, but Philip 'Flipper' Handler has an assault record. Her old friend Darlene said she also saw an old creep. Jane helps the CBI investigate surfers and Danny's father's construction firm, both with discrete other activities. They find a worker's corps and links, Patrick uses hypnosis his way and taps into a web of lies he then sees through.
*	01x04 - Ladies in Red	| 	https://inogift.github.io/md/S1/01x04-Ladies%20in%20Red.html	| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13571	San Francisco financier Jason Sands' wife Jennifer and pre-teen daughter Julie reported him missing. Jane finds him murdered in his safe room, tortured for his banking access code. Jen confides in Jane that family lawyer Michael Bennett found Jason's investment firm was about to go bust and he liquidated all assets, to run. Investments trace to a yacht, which he was going to get away on with Julie and his Armenian mistress, Adrianna Jonovic. She accuses Dieter Webb and his partner Carter, whose money he laundered, they accuse her. Then another crime occurs.
*	01x05 - Redwood	| 	https://inogift.github.io/md/S1/01x05-Redwood.html	| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13587	A female is found dead under a truck and it turns out that her best friend, Nicole, is found holding the murder weapon with no memory of what took place. Jane believes that Nicole is innocent and forces her to deal with the blocked memories to help identify the real killer. That is, of course, if Nicole is actually innocent.
*	01x06 - Red Handed	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13646	The right hand of the Calida casino's boss, James Meier, is found just on the Californian side of Nevada's border, marked '43' like the mob did to thieves. Patrick promptly proves he can win by memorizing cards, and spots the cheating dealer, Alexandra, and her accomplice. He helps CBI find and disentangles her. The Meier family's dirty links with several suspects, from the manager to whale Cal Trask, then sets his trap.
*	01x07 - Seeing Red	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13648	Wealthy widow Rosemary Tennant is found dead in the gutter outside the 'temple' of her 'psychic guide' Kristina Frye, a despicable fraud in Jane's eyes. Rosemary lived with her children Clara and Travis Tennant, a troubled teenager missing for 10 days, and philander photographer Jeremy Hale. She was about to change her will, presumably disinheriting Travis 'to shake him up', but in favor of which outsider? Patrick dissects all relationships and sets a double-bottomed trap.
*	01x08 - The Thin Red Line	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13652	Street dealer Joseph 'Joe' Purcell and Patrice Matigan, indispensable witnesses against drug lord Rick Carris, are found slashed by uniformed Davis city cop Sam Blakely. His dad dale and Steve Preciado are the local detectives on the Carris case. CBI investigates several possible personal connections.
*	01x09 - Flame Red	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13653	CBI uncovers three arson cases, all of which involve men in the same real estate business, and who also served in the same National Guard unit.
*	01x10 - Red Brick and Ivy	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13654	At Leyland State Universitye's prestigious, lucrative Stutzer Institute's annual neurological symposium, cosmonaut Alex Nelson dies after drinking water poisoned with hydrogen cyanide. Patrick pushes Lisbon to take the case when he hears his former psychiatrist, Alex's ex and still research partner, reported the case and is a suspect. The CBI also investigates Alex's present wife Emily, research assistant Kerry Sheehan, animal rights extremists and the Stutzer project for moral mind re-calibration by electric current.
*	01x11 - Red John's Friends	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13655	Jared Renfrew has lost the last appeal against his conviction for the rape and murder of Undine Kopecki, the daughter of his family estate's housekeeper. Jared promises to deliver Red John to Patrick if he gets him out by proving his innocence. Jane accepts, but has to resign and the whole CBI team risks suspension to help him. Jared's brother and business 'heir', Gardner Renfrew, opposes their efforts. Red John meanwhile has infiltrated the CBI computer network and seems to stay one move ahead, however brilliantly Patrick advances.
*	01x12 - Red Rum	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13656	Patrick discovers missing football talent Cody Ellis' body in a wood, the victim of a black magic sacrifice. This points to local self-declared Wiccan witch, Tamzin Dove, who put a death spell on him for allegedly torturing her cat. Other murder leads are Cody's fist fights in the team and with school coach Dieter, who has a history of inappropriate corporal punishments, but claims Cody was 'mad'. Outstaged kid-brother Brad Elkins leads Patrick to more secrets.
*	01x13 - Paint It Red	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13657	CBI discovers that an executive's murder is tied to the theft of a valuable painting, and the investigation leads to confrontation between Patrick and a Russian mobster who wanted the painting.
*	01x14 - Crimson Casanova	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13658	Keith Wolcott's pampered, ignored, and bored wife's bullet-ridden body is found dead sprawled on the bed at an exclusive resort and spa. Her lover high-tails it out of the suite. The team investigates the husband, the lover, and an interesting 'Casanova' who finds the resort spa a great playground, ripe with love-starved affluent wives. Cho is a hoot as he goes undercover at the resort spa as a Lothario.
*	01x15 - Scarlett Fever	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13659	In developer Victor Castillo's Sacramento villa, his wife and financial manager Scarlett Marquesa falls to her death. She was chair person of the local country club, a site of female rivalry. Scarlet's jewelry business, which actually kept the family afloat, while Carlos's business suffered from financial director Asra Hadami's misdeeds, turns out a front for drug dealing. The killer strikes again. Patrick and the nine year-old son Oscar set an original trap.
*	01x16 - Bloodshot	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13660	CBI gets another bomb alert, this time real, with a message 'Are you smart enough to find it?'. Jane does, but too late to save James 'Jim' Medina (44) handcuffed next to it, his front marked 'You're next'. The explosion blinds Patrick for a few days. Medina, a stockbroker, got hate-mail from ex-colleague Terrence 'Terry' Andrews (46), an ex-state bodyguard, now Hype nightclub bouncer. Jane discharges himself to take charge, brilliantly observing and manipulating. He finds a link with Medina from his scam-medium past clients. Grace's date proves problematic.
*	01x17 - Carnelian Inc.	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13661	On a Mojave desert spot, indicated by an anonymous note to the governor about a 'bad man', team-building skydiver David Whittaker falls to his death before the CSI team's eyes. He was human resources manager at Carnelian Prime trust, Rand Faulk's private equity fund, which makes lots of enemies by 'restructuring' companies. His parachute was sabotaged, but not individually assigned according to instructor Mike Spruell. More 'justice' is announced to the press. Faulk continues the weekend; so does the saboteur, but no longer random. Lee Skelling had motive and opportunity, but has too much to lose. Jane keeps looking and sets a trap.
*	01x18 - Russet Potatoes	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13662	Car salesman Carl Resnick brings CBI the body of Mary Beth Hendricks (27), thinking it's a 'sack of potatoes': resulting from a masterly hypnotic suggestion, which leads Patrick Jane and CBI to investigate a man who uses hypnosis to trick people into doing his crimes for him.
*	01x19 - A Dozen Red Roses	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13663	Felix Hanson (47) was shot twice trough the chest. He had financed a movie by a controversial, near-has-been director Gabriel Fanning in Burbank's studios to make sure his wife could star in it. Her step-daughter Sydney Hanson has relapsed into drug-abuse, allegedly through her boyfriend Brandon Fulton, who is later fatally shot as a trespasser by the widow. Patrick digs into their pasts and stages a trap on the movie set.
*	01x20 - Red Sauce	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13664	An ex-mobster in the Witness Protection Program is found executed. The mafia is the prime suspect, so Patrick socializes with its leader.
*	01x21 - Miss Red	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13665	While investigating the murder of a C.E.O., Patrick matches wits with a sexy con artist who was trying to get her hands on his secret stash of millions of dollars.
*	01x22 - Blood Brothers	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13666	A teenage boy's murder appears to be related to a secret group he belonged to at an unorthodox school for troubled teens.
*	01x23 - Red John's Footsteps	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13667	Emily Plaskett is discovered in a country town park, slashed Red John-style. Her twin sister Maya is missing. Patrick Jane assumes another challenge for him. An airplane-written, indeed taunting message traces elaborately to Roy Tagliaferro, a dead trail. Jane realizes the modified MO indicates a second culprit. Sheriff Hardy conducts the search for Maya, CSI the murder investigation. The Plasketts' brother Drake knew Em had an affair with smalltime drug supplier local Morgan Gutherie, but Jane believes his claim he was threatened anonymously himself and finds a wire.
*	02x01 - Redemption	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13668	-
*	02x02 - The Scarlet Letter	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13669	Californian state senator Melinda Batson's recently graduated aid Kristen Marley was pushed from a Sacramento bridge, staged as a suicide. The rumor of an affair with Melinda's husband and chief of staff Elliot is denied and he has an alibi, but Jane taxes their marriage loveless. CSI concentrates on Kristen's dubious stepbrother Harlan McAdoo, who expected a false alibi from her in another crime. Patrick turns a false trail into a crucial clue. And handles Bosco's obstruction in his Red John interest.
*	02x03 - Red Badge	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13670	A child rapist from agent Lisbon's past is shot and killed. The evidence points to Lisbon herself, but she has no recollection of the night in question.
*	02x04 - Red Menace	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13671	Well-groomed Gordon Hodge is found by joggers, robbed and killed in the Deerfield woods. He was the Sinner Saints motor-biker gang's full-time lawyer, who masterly prevented their contraband and other crimes leading to convictions. The team finds he cheated inscrutable gang leader Vaughn McBride with his biker lover, Constance. His wife Nina Hodge knew, but chose to ignore his infidelity to avoid further embarrassment, especially their gentle adolescent son Lucas. Furthermore Felicia Gutherie, whose brother was killed by the gang, wanted revenge. Jane unravels the truth and sees to justice for as many as possible.
*	02x05 - Red Scare	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13672	Smalltown Deputy Nick Fisher asks CBI to investigate how Alan Foster (43) was killed despite the advanced alarm in the mansion he renovated on site while his wife Lillian remained in their San Francisco home. His hand clasps a B-button, referring to Walter Beckworth, the house's builder 80 years ago, said to haunt it since he was pushed to his death from the very same window. His granddaughter Victoria Abner sold it to Foster, unable to pay her taxes, but calls him a thief. Construction site thief Jeb Haas says he saw Lillian on the murder night. Jane finds the ghost tricks. Rumor has it the house contains a treasure.
*	02x06 - Black Gold and Red Blood	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13673	Countryside welder Kirby Hines (29) has been killed and dragged onto land, the disputed oil rights on which are worth millions. His widow Donna and family hide secrets. Patrick can only advise from a distance, being jailed on a charge of abusing CBI information in his search for Red John. While the team tries to get Sam Bosco to rescind the charge, Jane expertly manipulates his jail mates, and even arranges to get a suspect in the Hines case to get arrested and jailed.
*	02x07 - Red Bulls	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13674	Patrick and the rest of the CBI team is forced to work together with Patrick's nemesis in the office, Sam Bosco, in order to find a kidnapping victim.
*	02x08 - His Red Right Hand	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13675	The CBI team is faced with a violent and shocking crime in their own office, but must work the case in spite of their alarm of who may be behind it. Meanwhile, Rigsby and Van Pelt are definitely an "item."
*	02x09 - A Price Above Rubies	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13676	The new husband of a jewelry store owner is critically injured accidentally walking in on a jewel heist. CBI soon suspects that the heist was pulled off with help from the inside--specifically one of the owner's two nephews.
*	02x10 - Throwing Fire	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13677	The founder of a prestigious Baseball Academy is murdered. Jane is hit by a baseball as the investigation begins, and he recalls his teenage years as a carnival psychic.
*	02x11 - Rose-Colored Glasses	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13678	In small town Rancho Rosa, locals spouses Selby (33) and Jana Vickers are found stabbed in their car. It's their 1995 high school class's reunion, which they never attended. Selby was a social leper since he confessed a cruel prank at Derek Logan's expense 15 years ago. And he was involved in blackmail. Patrick works out the past and abuses Rigsby's own secret to force him to help set a trap.
*	02x12 - Bleeding Heart	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13679	While Central Valley town Salter's mayor Melba Walker Shannon dug at Heaton Krupp's Granton development project's first spade, she unearthed her media liaison Martha St.Clair, stabbed to death at home. The CBI team reluctantly obliges the D.A.'s orders to cooperate with Mike Brewster's TV documentary on their work. Granton was opposed by tree huggers and Jasper's masked eco-terrorist. Yet Jasper kidnaps Jane to insists he has nothing to do with the murder, nor with a later fire bomb.
*	02x13 - Redline	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13680	In Marin County's Zenith car dealership, saleswoman Liselle Douglas (28) is found in a showroom car trunk. Jane soon understands the salesmen rivalry. And the lengths they went to for clients, and some of those for rare cars, while there are also some. Jane even bets with an arrogant moneybags.
*	02x14 - Blood In, Blood Out	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13681	When a member of Cho's former gang, the Avon Park Playboys, is found murdered, Patrick Jane insists on helping Cho with his off-the-books investigation.
*	02x15 - Red Herring	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13682	A chef is poisoned to death during a competition, and CBI is forced to find his killer among his competitors, his estranged wife, and his ambitious assistant.
*	02x16 - Code Red	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13683	Dr. Alicia Seberg calls Jane from the Zitek Biosystems lab at Los Corrados to report she's (being) murdered: someone opened a flask of airborne Cryptohansa-B, one of the biological warfare germs Zitek develops antidotes against. Alas this one needs to be taken in advance. Her husband Dr. Cliff Edmunds and further colleagues Griffin Welks, Dr. Florian Tripp and Lilith Nash also had access to it. Alicia had an affair but Cliff knew and both accepted an 'open marriage'. Jane discovers the biometric access equipment was disabled for two months and manager Price knew. Janes takes offense at CDC inspector Dean Harken's arrogant rank pulling and sets an apocalyptic trap.
*	02x17 - The Red Box	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13684	While the team investigates the murder of an English tutor who stole a valuable artifact from a British museum, the new boss comes in and lays down the law.
*	02x18 - Aingavite Baa	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13685	During Cho and Van Pelt's drug joint stake-out, a mildly shot-wounded girl missing a shoe and her memory stumbles onto them. Her tracks trace to a barn with the bloody corpses of hikers couple Michel and Janine Langham, shot up close, presumably accidental witnesses, and tween Shoshone Indian Leonard Railton from Storm River Reservation, an ex-con, shot from far like Jane Doe. He was in the same marijuana growing gang as park ranger Tisdale and his baby suffered from poisoning. Rigsby and van pelt are ordered to decide whether to split up our volunteer one of them to be reassigned.
*	02x19 - Blood Money	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13686	Sacramento Assistant DA Kelly Flower is shot dead at home. her recent cases include that of smuggler Hank Draber. Patrick Jane guesses at first sight contractor Cale Sylvan is a psychopathic serial killer, whose aliases and bank account suggest he got paid for each murder. He devices entrapment which yields trophy proof. But stickler judge Hildred dismisses the case when the defense proves Jane illegally searches Cael's home, rejecting all evidence as a 'poisoned tree'. The team keeps tracking him while Lisbon is suspended. Several surprise crimes follow, including Sylvan's, presumably ordered by his client in the Flower case.
*	02x20 - Red All Over	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13687	Xander Harrington is fatally stabbed in the neck at the party where he was presented by pa, media tycoon Alexander, as new chief of the newspaper Daily Observer. Missing from his desk is the list of accompanying planned lay-offs. Concerned journalist Heather Evans's bloody shoes betray she stole the folder, and admits Xander's headstrong brother Ed tipped her off. The paper was investigating Bret Stiles's cult Visualise. Bret's deputy Steven Wench leaks widow Sadie, the TV branch manager, was an adulteress fearing her prenuptial. Her secretary Elizabeth Stanfeld, a Visualize member, calls a bomb threat at the Harrington home. Jane's insight saves Lisbon and Sadie's daughter Ella.
*	02x21 - 18-5-4	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13688	Unemployed math genius and social cripple Noah Valiquette (32) is shot in a park by a clown who cut off his right index. Suspects abound due to a circus movie audition. After his widow reports the house ransacked, it appears the finger was the key to a safe, but the robber failed to realize the treasure was a spa locker-room key, hidden in a cheap chess set. It was a universal code hacker, ordered by Noah's partner, Toman Bundiger, from Noah, a Dutchman and closed psych ward patient Oliver McDaniel, who escapes once told about the key.
*	02x22 - Red Letter	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13689	At a San Desidera, California Human Rights conference, Sheltering Light Foundation against human trafficking leader Hector Brava has his skull smashed with a hotel fire extinguisher just before his speech. According to his researcher and PA Russell Bigelow, he was to expose that Christopher Lynch's World Anti-Traficking Coalition is a front for traffickers eliminating their competition. Patrick soon realizes Hector and his widow Ilsa Engels reproached each-others affairs, he perhaps with the mysterious Carmen whose call lured him to the murder place. Patrick is most skeptic about collaborating with 'psychoic analyst' Kristina Frye, whom sheriff Andy Burnside enlisted.
*	02x23 - Red Sky in the Morning	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13690	Asian student Marley Sparrow's bloody murder in theatrical Red John style is posted on the Internet before the corps is found, by water like 'medium' Kristina Frye predicted. Jane objects to her being involved and claims it's a copy-cat. Marley was going steady with a man she described to her friends, who never saw him, as cop Grady Shipp. Jane remembers that's the name of an executed cannibalistic serial killer who was in Lompoc jail with Orval Tanner, a friend of Red John. After Kristina makes a TV appeal for Red John to seek help, Jane gets CBI to protect her full-time. "Shipp's" address proves the layer of a camera-obsessed young man. Marley's professor supervising the film club also taught a class mentioning red John the previous semester. The only other student involved in both like Marley, acting talent Wesley Blankfein, went missing. At lake Tahoe, Jaqueline Sandoval, who interviewed Frye, is killed also in Red John style, this time convincing Patrick. Kristina disappears on Van Pelt's watch. Patrick works his deductive magic from a single photograph, only to land in a three way-trap.
*	03x01 - Red Sky at Night	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13691	CBI takes on a case involving a murdered state lobbyist, and Patrick helps in the case despite being preoccupied with Kristina's disappearance, presumably at the hands of Red John.
*	03x02 - Cackle-Bladder Blood	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13692	Patrick reluctantly helps his brother-in-law with whom he has an uneasy relationship, when one of his marks in an investment scam turns up dead and he claims to be innocent.
*	03x03 - The Blood on His Hands	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13693	Junky Celia Jovanovich's body washes up the Sacramento River. She was rehabilitated after joining Bret Styles's Visualize cult two years ago, and has its tattoo. She was 'blindly' matched with cult cook David Herren. Patrick advices the CBI to ignore FBI agent Vint Molinari's investigation in missing Kristina Frye's case after identifying her voice in a lead planted with a smiley in her blood, Red John's MO. Agent Craig O'Loughlin is already all over the cult, which has an almost omnipresent lawyer, Julius Coles.
*	03x04 - Red Carpet Treatment	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13694	Convicted sociopath Henry Dahl is shot ten times trough the head in his San Francisco motel room shortly after his release on account of faulty DNA evidence. Patrick is openly uninterested, while the attorney general's office is in PR panic. TV host Karen Cross, once the top prosecutor whose high-profile convictions included Henry, films Jane sleeping, but her company paid Dahl's motel as scheduled guest, now replaced by his victim Jenny's widower Max Winter, who claims to have reached reconciliation years ago, to devote himself to fine son Jackson. Wayne must watch Grace date dashing FBI agent Craig O'Laughlin, which makes him cockily competitive. Henry's art study and cocaine dealing mate Arty Mock is found hiding in his halfway-house. Henry had an admirer, Sean Meyers's wife Betsy. Patrick accepts Cross's live TV dare, but has to revise his conclusion.
*	03x05 - The Red Ponies	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13695	Californian former horse race jockey Bill Sutton is found beaten to death on the tracks. Patrick and the CBI team investigate possible motives from ruthless colleague - and stable competition, gambling, personal debts, an alleged accident and possible cheating. Patrick devises a complicated sting to trick the killer.
*	03x06 - Pink Chanel Suit	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13696	Gentle children's books illustrator Austin Marr (23) is stabbed to death in strict federal judge Pauline Fitwilliam's guest house. Austin was the lover of her contrary youngest daughter, Abigail 'Abby', who is missing and was recently released from drug rehabilitation. Pauline points to the White Supremacist gang of Raymond Tubbs, whom she put in jail and threatened her and her family, to which end he may use coke dealer Howard 'Howie' Dressler. Patrick mistrusts the estate security and makes Abby's sister Sophie confess a secret: the lovers just had their first row, and indeed her fingerprints are on the knife. Patrick deducts mundane 'best friend' Danielle stole Abby's credit card. Pauline's ma Ethel Sebring is being buried after a lingering disease, treated by Dr. Saban. Patrick ties everything together and sets an unsavory trap.
*	03x07 - Red Hot	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13697	Former Soviet officer Yuri Bajoran is blown to smithereens by a bomb in his office while the CBI interrupted his take over talks with even richer tycoon Walter Mashburn to examine the death treats against Bajoran. Patrick, wounded as lightly as Walter, sensed the soon disclosing web of hatred between both men, who once rivaled for Yuri's widow, and various other businessmen, as well as disloyal staff.
*	03x08 - Ball of Fire	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13698	Patrick Jane is kidnapped and Lisbon and the team go back through years of Jane's casework to find suspects only to realize that almost everyone he's ever dealt with might want to harm him.
*	03x09 - Red Moon	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13699	Smalltown Vineland sheriff Mullery's deputies Nelson Capel and Lance Connor and Mullery's cousin EMT Todd Johnson's fiancée Keeley Farlowe were all found killed, though in different ways, in the same olive plantation where Todd lived with her and her wheelchair-ridden uncle Joe Hunnicker. 'Clairvoyant' Ellis Mars warns the murderer will strike again. Keeley's former admirer, trucker Gregor Hobart, possibly last to see her, seems amused but says he defended her against horny cook Rusty Moore, who has scratched. The bullet links the case to several other monthly cop killings. After a button points to the fire department, where only B. Kitchen didn't report for duty on the killing night, the sheriff is fatally shot and Mars claims credibility, volunteering 'psychic help', concluding a werewolf attack. Patrick set a successful trap but ends up feeling burnt.
*	03x10 - Jolly Red Elf	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13700	While CBI investigates the death of a Santa, Patrick discovers that he is a suspect in the death of a cop killer who was set on fire while in police custody.
*	03x11 - Bloodsport	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13701	Author Charlotte Mitchell is found in a locker, shot death during a freestyle fight between promoter-manager Leonard 'Len' Artash's KO-victorious boy Manny Flaco and hot-tempered Rowdy Merriman. The bullet came from recently release murder Joe Reyes's gun. Each fighter had a grudge against her and secrets she might uncover, which also may give significant others motives. J.J. LaRoche grills Rigsby as CBI arson suspect, on account of his pyrotechnic skills and paroled motor gang dad Stephen.
*	03x12 - Bloodhounds	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13702	Hernando family lemony factory worker Fernanda Talan's week-old corpse, skull violently smashed twice, is found on a cars graveyard. Patrick smells a rat and uses the guard dog to find a nearby second corpse, Valerie Brestin, similarly clobbered, financial director at Donald Beechum's firm Agile Turtle and volunteer at Donovan Treadlow's homeless shelter out of guilt after fatally hitting a vagrant by car. Patrick doubts profiler Montague's theory that this MO points to the ten years inactive serial killer Caveman, which a macabre package makes likely again, but Patrick proves the victims have a link, a bus line where they could be picked, with a criminal driver.
*	03x13 - Red Alert	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13703	Angelino documentary maker Amber Sutherland is shot at home while turning a movie to promote Crane Creek mayor Kenyon Bagshaw's national political ambition. The local police suspects Ron Crosswhite, whom she interviewed the previous evening and probably got away with shooting his wife, city clerk Ginger (31), because officer Tom Rowley clumsily ruined the crucial video recording. While grudgingly reporting to pay a traffic fine, Jane is taken hostage by Crowley with other people in city hall to demand immunity and his wife's real killer being found. After the CBI director, politically influenced by Bagshaw, first gives the case to police chief Arnold Nail and then returns it go Lisbon, Rowley tries to shoot Crowley but only wounds another hostage. Jane gets Crowley to see sense and sets a trap for the double murderer.
*	03x14 - Blood For Blood	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13704	While Van Pelt relieves US Marshal Gorman protecting Justin DeGeorge, the key witness against drug baron Adrian Essex, she's knocked out and the witness murdered. His daughter Trina probably has crucial memories, but aunt Jody, a retired army nurse, shields her most hostile against Patrick. He helps the team overcome that and Essex's accomplice Eugene Boden's alibi. LaRoche was planning to grill Van Pelt in the arson investigation anyway. FBI agent Craig supports her and successfully proposes.
*	03x15 - Red Gold	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13705	Gold mining town Hadley's sheriff Trey Hughes calls the CBI after fellow prospector Melinda Drew found and former software developer Rick Loomis, divorced and recently moved in with his son adolescent son Jeff and new girl Cheryl Meade, who sneakily prepared to leave the naive adventurer. Patrick discovers that local claims seller Wes Attwood cheated, but he's found murdered in the trailer of local thief Scott Monroe, who didn't actually rob Rick. Patrick sets a gold trap.
*	03x16 - Red Queen	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13706	Rich Precolumbian archaeology professor Manuel Montero, also a well-reputed traded in antiquities, is murdered in the Nothern Calirfornia Museum of Anthropology. He was meeting a buyer for a Mayan golden pendant, the only item stolen there. His transport crew is caught, also dealing in illegal arms, but Patrick believes the motive personal. Laroche's IA investigation reduced serial cop-killer Todd Johnson's torch-murder suspects to five CBI members with opportunity, including only one with a motive: agent Madeleine Hightower was the former lover of murdered CHip Jim Rance. Links between both cases are found. Patrick however sees it all as part of Red John's master plan.
*	03x17 - Bloodstream	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13707	Married gay Dr. Micah Newton (42) is found on a 24-hours golf club, skull smashed with a single expert club blow, by a colleague, according to Patrick. Lisbon's rudeness to LaRoche before the announcement he succeeds Hightower at the team's supervisor leads to her being replaced by Cho, who instantly does a fine job. Mycah got death threats as head of the transplant unit, making suspects of his successor, the surgery chief, and those denied priority for life-saving organs. Patrick works out the mystery of Micah's radiation badge being exposed badly, unlike his body, leading to expose a serious theft and the special status of patient Siberia, a Russian mob baron with an unconditionally devoted bodyguard.
*	03x18 - The Red Mile	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13708	The body of CBI's latest murder victim is stolen, and the team later learns the the victim later claims that he was abducted by aliens. Meanwhile, coroner Steiner surprisingly confides a surprising secret with Patrick.
*	03x19 - Every Rose Has Its Thorn	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13709	San Francisco dating agency Symphony's CEO John Flynn (48) was twice shot in the chest fatally and dumped in a marina. Patrick immediately suspects slick, young widow Erica Flynn. He first tests her getting recruited as client but finds her alibi hard to crack, so he goes for an accomplice, with an apparent tragic consequence. However the team also investigates his ex, blackmailed client Henry Cliff and dubious staff. Wayne's an undercover job gets a romantic follow-up.
*	03x20 - Redacted	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13710	While CBI investigates the murder of an electronics store owner, Patrick tries to hide the secret that he hired a robber who unsuccessfully broke into LaRoche's home.
*	03x21 - Like A Redheaded Stepchild	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13711	In Hangtree, Carson, jailer Walter Parsell, who aspires a detective career and studies criminology, is found on the street outside a robbed jeweler, fatally stabbed as with a prison shunt. Suspect ex-cons include the jail's top-dog, lifer Marcus Lansdale, whom Parsell singled out for transfer to a maximum security prison, as Wayne's no-good father, smuggler Steve Rigsby. Marcus's girlfriend's brother also has a record. Rigbsby calls pa's bluff he can find the killer in no time, which leads to Butch Carwin's drug ring. Patrick meanwhile searches in jail, concentrating on trustees.
*	03x22 - Rhapsody in Red	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13712	Concert violinist Eleanor Artega is shot dead outside her mother Isabella's NE Sacremento shop. Ex Orlando Yglesias, a Lincoln Avenue Hermanos petty gang member, fled from the spectators at the scene. Patrick, an amateur cellist, studies orchestra director Vincent Manheiser and his players.
*	03x23 - 03x24 - Strawberries & Cream (2-part)	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13713	A robber with a bomb attached to him is blown up in front of a convenience store, and CBI soon discovers that there may be connections between this case and Red John and agent Hightower.
*	04x01 - Scarlet Ribbons	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13714	Patrick's sanity is questioned when he kills the man that he believes is Red John, but the evidence suggests that his victim was an innocent man.
*	04x02 - Little Red Book	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13715	Popular society gym coach Markus Kuzmenko, a former swimmer and serial womanizer, is found at home, skull crushed with a gym weight. Adulterorus clients probably feared exposure of affairs with him, colleague Mike Vilanueva lost clients to Markus and he recently repaid a loan-shark. Patrick, found not guilty in court, is reinstated as CBI consultant and assigned to the team of senior agent Ray Haffner, who handles the case and recruits Cho to read Jane. Lisbon remains suspended pending a full investigation, but the old team conspires under Patrick to solve the Kuzmenko case on their own. Jane stirs trouble among Ray's own team and sets traps for him and the murderer. Tim's widow commits suicide, leaving a note she couldn't live without her Red John, but the real one's lover doesn't recognize his corpse.
*	04x03 - Pretty Red Balloon	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13716	Conner Flint (9), only son of widow Elisabeth 'Beth' Flint, one of Patrick's former psychic scam victims, has been kidnapped from his school bus stop. Beth refuses to believe Jane that paranormal gifts are fake, so she pushes him to collaborate with her present 'spiritual adviser', Nate Glass. Apart from Nathan, the team looks for suspects in the family, including Beth's present partner Deke Hutton and Conner's step-brother Jonathan Flint. Prime suspect on account of the MO is yet unidentified serial killer 'Balloon Man', so called after his lure, but he strangulates within 12 hours.
*	04x04 - Ring Around the Rosie	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13717	Patrick and the new team's boss, psychology-majored Special Agent Luther Wainwright, immediately like and respect each-other in a provocative way, locking horns from the first case. A local photographer is found fatally short during the mayor's political rally. Jane however largely leaves that case to Lisbon, focusing on a bystander he singes out on sight as potential murderer. It's unemployed gun-obsessed Texan insurance investigator Henry Tibbs, who fits the psychopath profile, but hasn't committed any actual crimes. Patrick 'uses' Cho and Rigsby to set a trap, even manipulates Wainwright, who wants to arrest him for gun possession and see him in forced therapy.
*	04x05 - Blood and Sand	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13718	Patrick soon realizes that the fatally stabbed corpse of outsider Sanchez only seems washed up on the coast of San Felix island, being on the wrong side to come from the mainland and given the tide. So he scrutinizes the closed society islanders, such as fishery entrepreneur Jack LaFleur, butterfly reserve manager William Gardner and Jed Stack's ranch, focusing on mainland connections. Meanwhile the team starts from the victim's past as a wayward foster-kid who wanted to revenge her father, whose murderer may have an islander alias. And Rigsby faces his date in her capacity as rather hostile public defender.
*	04x06 - Where in the World is Carmine O'Brien	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13719	While CBI tries to solve the murder of a police chief, Lisbon's bounty hunter brother meddles with the investigation when the man he's tracking becomes a suspect.
*	04x07 - Blinking Red Light	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13720	Michelle Carter (19) was abducted, throat slit and dumped in a San Joaquin park, the MO used 4 times before in Fresno. Patrick encourages Lisbon to pick one from the police suspects shortlist of 8, photographer Richard Haibach. Meanwhile he concentrates on the press, especially self-declared expert James Panzer, who runs a specialized website since the first victim was killed in his neighborhood. Jane sets a trap, with surprising bait and outcome.
*	04x08 - Pink Tops	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13721	Undercover narcotics officer Yolanda Concepcion was murdered while investigating drug trade and/or money laundering in slick crime baron Omar Vega's nightclub. Bitter widower Lalo Concepcion didn't realize his in-living relative came for him rather then to mind his young kids. Patrick also investigates her undercover colleagues before setting a trap at Vega's after a rival gang is murdered.
*	04x09 - The Redshirt	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13722	The media report the murder of former star quarterback Doc Dugan by car explosion. The CBI keeps quiet that the actual victim is Doc's devoted assistant Jake Stewart, who had no enemies while haughty Doc, who is hidden, collected them, even a frustrated super-fan, and treated his staff and business partners badly. Rigsby's relationship with attorney Sarah Harrigan is tested by her ruthless way of prepping him for a court testimony.
*	04x10 - Fugue in Red	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13723	While investigating the murder of a firefighter, Patrick loses his memory after nearly being drowned by the killer.
*	04x11 - Always Bet on Red	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13724	While the team investigates the death of a divorce attorney, Patrick discovers that Red John may still be alive and stalking an FBI agent who is asking too many questions.
*	04x12 - My Bloody Valentine	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13725	Argentinian crime baron Gabriel Porchetto's son and heir Gabriel Junior is shot expertly in the hot-tub during a party in their luxury cabin in a state forest. Gabriel senior is in the final stage of terminal cancer, so adolescent son Sergio Porchetto becomes his heir. Security chief Curtis Nett is remarkably uncooperative. Junior compromised the gang's business by challenging Luis Ozorio's Mexican drug cartel, the Zetas. Patrick tricks Senior and his boys to stage a trap. After a pendant is returned now the investigation into Grace's shooting that killed FBI agent and lover Craig O'Laughlin, his specter seems to haunt her, but when she gets lost in the forest while guarding presumed key witness Janpen, a hooker, it actually watches over her.
*	04x13 - Red Is The New Black	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13726	Brilliant fashion designer Wyck Theissens, whose career was ended by insulting Guy Duval, is found murdered while preparing a probably fabulous new collection with three novices in a secret chamber in Asian mafia-related Mr. Liu's sweetshop. Patrick notices Duval's assistant has an affair with his wife. Excessively libertine fashion photographer Tony Redgrave has ample opportunity during a photo-shoot. Meanwhile Rosalind Harker is closing up on proof that the murderer Patrick shot wasn't Red John, who may be striking again.
*	04x14 - At First Blush	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13727	D.A. Osvaldo Ardiles is not amused when Patrick, whom he failed to get convicted, concludes from hailed wine grower Peter Mulberry's wife Eve's body language that she's innocent of the murder of Carlos Ruiz. Lisbon accepts to enter this race against time, as the jury is already deliberating. Patrick digs for Mulberry family secrets and Ruiz is found a career criminal, while Cho wrestles with back-ache and his imprudent informant.
*	04x15 - War of the Roses	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13728	An officer in Greg Relin's charity, which raises money for orphanages in Mexico, is murdered. Above Lisbon's head, amused Patrick arranges to accept jailed, luxury-addicted fellow con artist Erica Flynn's terms to help find and trap the killer. Meanwhile impending parenthood proves hard to square with Rigsby's feelings for Sarah Harrigan.
*	04x16 - His Thoughts Were Red Thoughts	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13729	Gabe Meadows, a renegade from Bret Stiles' cult Visualize, is murdered. Patrick questions the all too obvious evidence stacked against Stiles, working rather on the assumption he's framed so an inner circle member can succeed, but they all seem still to support Stiles.
*	04x17 - Cheap Burgundy	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13730	Patrick seems not to mind when Wainwright accepts to lend him to the FBI to help investigate the murder of the daughter-in-law of the Bauer tycoon couple, allegedly friends of the lieutenant-governor, found by eagerly assisting ranger Sam Franklin. Patrick expected correctly special agent Susan Darcy only wants to grill him again about the false Red John. Luckily for the first suspect, a veteran, who 'confesses' probably having killed her during a blackout, Patrick looks on. Meanwhile Wayne and Lisbon can't crack arrogant businessman Gary Philo, who must have killed an employee, until Patrick coaches them.
*	04x18 - Ruddy Cheeks	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13731	As CBI tries to figure out who murdered a terminally ill cancer patient who only had weeks to live, Cho's addiction results in a near-tragic mistake in the field.
*	04x19 - Pink Champagne on Ice	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13732	Patrick seems uninterested in the case of a man shot on the road. His attention goes to his former illusionist act colleague Jack Hellion, who now performs in Dante Holmes's club with assistant Trish. Patrick sensed right that Jack is being blackmailed to stage a robbery and imposes himself as accomplice, taking charge.
*	04x20 - Something's Rotten in Redmund	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13733	Generally liked and respected Redmund high school English teacher McTierney's corpse is found in the surrounding woodland, skull smashed on his jogging route. Patrick uses many tricks, often interacting with the Hamlet school production, to discover social dynamics and secret among pupils and staff, including drug dealing, forbidden love and the principal's petty dictator practices.
*	04x21 - Ruby Slippers	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13734	When a body is found handcuffed to the steering wheel of a burned car in the alley behind a Drag Queen Cabaret, the CBI crew is on the scene to investigate. A clue in the alley leads Jane to dressing room of the drag queens where he meets Glennda Snow who is the "Queen Mother" of the ensemble. She admits to being in the alley shortly before the murder but the other drag queens say she was back in the dressing room before the time of the murder. Although she is cleared of involvement in the murder, Jane still suspects she knows more than she is admitting. The CBI team end up relying on Glennda as a material witness when trying to determine which of their three suspects is guilty. Just when you think the case has been successfully wrapped up, Jane reveals a surprise twist that sheds a whole new light on the events that transpired in the alley the night of the murder.
*	04x22 - So Long, and Thanks for All the Red Snapper	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13735	Patrick quickly finds penniless Jay Banner, reported missing by his friends, half-buried on the beach after washing up, skull smashed. Suspets include his house-mate Jeeter James, their landlord Tark Mitchum, slick city drug dealer Tookie and Lisbon's ex Greg Marshall, whose wife Greta cheats on him. A treasure from a wreck probably provided ample motive but also baits Jane's trap. Rigsby enjoys the burdens of fatherhood but Cho's affair with informer Vicky gets overstretched.
*	04x23 - Red Rover, Red Rover	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13736	Cynical 'congratulations' on his family's bloody murder convince Jane it's time to 'turn the page', so he burns his files on Red John and keeps provoking Luthor Wainwright until he's ultimately fired from the CBI. Meanwhile he solves the murder of Antonio Castro, who suffocated naked and conscious inside a coffin buried in a ruin. He was a derivatives broker in Dennis Victor's firm, where embezzlement took place. Suspects include a colleague and their supervisor, also members of an exclusive club, which was hazing Castro. Patrick sets an abusive trap.
*	04x24 - The Crimson Hat	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13737	After leaving the CBI, Patrick appears to be down and out in Las Vegas. But it is really part of his master plan to make Red John think he has given up on trying to catch him.
*	05x01 - The Red Glass Bead	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13738	Patrick Jane interrogates Lorelei in an attempt to figure out her connection to Red John. The CBI is forced to partner up with the FBI to solve the murder of a hotel employee.
*	05x02 - Devil's Cherry	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13739	Viktor Mendelssohn, diamond cutter to the stars, is murdered at home, the only testimony coming from neighbor Betty Fulford. Although a hallucinogen in his tea pot gives Patrick Alice in Wonderland style visions of his late, murdered daughter Charlotte, he deciphers those cryptic observations and investigates. Viktor was about to treat a rare huge, blue stone, later found in his eager, devoted assistant Julian Gallego's bag, which rival master cutter Fahad Ranjani was after.
*	05x03 - Not One Red Cent	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13740	While bringing in his shoes at his Sacramento cobbler's, Patrick witnesses the flight of masked bank robbers, who apparently killed popular assistant manager Ernie Wright. Only the murder distinguishes this robbery from a successful streak in the region. The 'civilized' FBI-CBI war continues, yet Mancini and Lisbon consider becoming poker buddies. Patrick helps the team work out the whole robbery's cast and sets a trap for his postulated inside accomplice.
*	05x04 - Blood Feud	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13741	In Carlton Springs, a motorcycle gang war is feared after Kyle, a member of the Overtons, is killed over the 'border river'. J.J. Laroche conducts an I.A. investigation concerning Wayne Rigsby after meeting his father, ex-con Steve, who got shot and was hospitalized in the incident. The gangs only meet when their juniors and potential recruits box in Fletcher Moss's gym, so Patrick tricks both leaders into a meeting there to settle things.
*	05x05 - Red Dawn	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13742	A flashback to Patrick's first day with the CBI: he arrives to ask for evidence in the Red John investigation, and winds up helping the team solve the murder of a judge's son.
*	05x06 - Cherry Picked	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13743	While CBI tackles an unusual kidnapping case, Patrick tries to figure out which prison guard allowed Lorelei to escape.
*	05x07 - If It Bleeds, It Leads	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13744	A young television reporter is murdered, and CBI believes that the killer may have been one of the subjects she had been investigating.
*	05x08 - Red Sails in the Sunset	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13745	Patrick arranges Lorelei's escape from prison and then kidnaps her to get answers about Red John. Meanwhile, Lorelei's mother shares with agent Lisbon a shocking detail about her family.
*	05x09 - Black Cherry	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13746	CBI tries to figure out who killed a reformed former gang member now working as a real estate agent.
*	05x10 - Panama Red	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13747	A botanists's fatally shot corpse is found in his climbing gym. He was breeding superior marijuana for a medical company which speculates on weed being legalized in Calfornia, and the seeds were stolen. He also was suspiciously generous to a friend, recovering addict Carson, in Matthew Gold's rehab charity farm, which legally grows recently harvested weed. Parick, who is really absorbed by figuring out who Red John can be, invents a buyer to set a trap for at least one cahoot in the company.
*	05x11 - Days of Wine & Roses	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13748	A senator's daughter's corpse is found on the street. Patrick quickly traces the murder to Dr. Michael Rubin's rehab clinic. There's no shortage of suspects and possible motives, including a ruby necklace she stole from her parents to pay for her drugs. Lisbon remains obsessed with Volker, even though judge Davis refuses to help her anymore.
*	05x12 - Little Red Corvette	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13749	Two months ago, Volker had two goons execute employee Horatio Jones, who was about to render public a dirty company secret he knew first hand. A boy playing with his remote control car happened to witness the execution and has since disappeared. Now the adult corpse is found, Patrick realizes about the young witness and concentrates on him. Lisbon can only focus on Volker.
*	05x13 - The Red Barn	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13750	In a barn in Ellison farm town, three 20 year old corpses are dug up. The case gets Patrick's full attention when he discovers Red John's smiley on the back of the barn. He helps the team work out the farm was one of several set up by Brett Stile's Visualize cult in a bid for self-sufficiency, which quickly failed by lack of agricultural knowhow, despite illegal drugs for the overstretched laboring cult members. Locals where also involved, including present police chief Rick Anaya. Lisbon is startled to discover after her ten years surprise party that FBI agent Ray Haffner, who offers her to start a firm with him, also belongs to the cult.
*	05x14 - Red in Tooth and Claw	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13751	At the West Coast's best college biology department, where a new moth species was just discovered, a brilliant grad student is murdered. Patrick concentrates on ruthless rivalry for student - and research grants, opposing students and staff. As Lisbon remained obsessed with Tommy Volker's case, Patrick helps her win by giving her CBI chief Bertram's tell at the poker table.
*	05x15 - Red Lacquer Nail Polish	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13752	Eccentric heiress Elise Vogelsong's corpse is found burnt to a crisp, beyond positive identification, in her grand beach mansion, where none of the many valuables seems stolen, except a famous medal. Dr. Lance Reinhardt, who hides a dubious past, was treating her for early dementia, or helping someone fake that. Her cousin Curtis Wiley, an artist, was fighting for control over the family foundation, which mainly finances a veterans home, run by chaplain Johnny Griffin, from which a wife and volunteer, Lissie Calhoun, is missing. Rigsby meanwhile is depressed about Van Pelt having left, tries to follow Cho's advice to start dating but makes a mess of Internet appointments.
*	05x16 - There Will Be Blood	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13753	Lorelei reemerges, this time murdering a woman who may have helped Red John kill her sister.
*	05x17 - Red, White And Blue	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13754	Army base nurse corporal Lucy Greene's throat was slit at night near the town church. She was a popular 'battle buddy' in a program for veterans with post-traumatic amnesia. Patrick still tries to trigger their dysfunctional memories. The CBI team also works out some base hospital staff secrets, such as an anonymous sexual abuse charge.
*	05x18 - Behind the Red Curtain	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13755	The secondary diva of director Bran McTavish's new musical falls to her death from a balcony at the benefit gala for the production financing. Ptarick manipulates everyone to work out motives such as rivalries and ambitions, but also finds a family dimension. Meanwhile he, Lisbon and FBI agent Bob Kirkland anxiously wit for the awakening of Lorelie's surviving victim, who might identify Red John.
*	05x19 - Red Letter Day	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13756	While CBI goes to an Old West tourist town to solve a murder, Robert Kirkland is able to get his hands on Patrick's secret Red John research.
*	05x20 - Red Velvet Cupcakes	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13757	Kip Roberts's wife Missy was murdered at home with bullets in chest and feet while he's away on rafting weekend with personal trainer. Patrick sees straight trough their broken without visiting the murder scene marriage even it becomes clear they had private counseling sessions from radio show host Buddy Hennings, which they had attended. Patrick intrudes on the show even before setting a trap. Meanwhile the team encourages Rigbsy to work out if he can get back together with Grace.
*	05x21 - Red and Itchy	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13758	Patrick accepts to interrupt the weeks-long break he needs to work o Red John to help out J.J. LaRoche. The CBI's IA chief was wounded in a gunfight killing the colleague of an intruder who got away with the dreaded Tupperware box which contains a secret which Jane, who actually ignores it, can 'blackmail' JJ with. The fiend's cell-mate puts the team on a trail to the mastermind who hired the robbers. Patrick also realizes a motorial impediment's crucial implication and endangers a cat to prove it.
*	05x22 - Red John's Rules	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13759	Unlike Sacramento PD people, Patrick is convinced that the latest victim, whose baby was snatched away, was really murdered by a Red John proxy, not the work of a copy cat. It even becomes clear it was meant as a challenge for him, as the victim turns out to be the ex of Kevin Barlow, hothead member of a circus family the Janes were traditionally close to, embittered over custody. His sinister uncle Sean claims to be a real medium and has a motive. While solving this case, Patrick reveals to Lisbon his short list of seven remaining Red John suspects, which is confirmed when the serial fiend calls to promise many more bloody hits.
*	06x01 - The Desert Rose	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13760	After Patrick discovers that Red John already knows about his list of seven suspects, his dangerous actions during a murder investigation get him and Lisbon banished to the sticks.
*	06x02 - Black-Winged Red Bird	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13761	While the team investigates the death of a software engineer by a drone strike, Patrick picks up clues about how Red John is staying one step ahead of him.
*	06x03 - Wedding In Red	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13762	In order to study Sheriff McAllister, a survivor on the Red John shortlist, Jane insists on taking a case in his jurisdiction, Napa Valley. A corpse was found in the duck pound at the Buena Vista party resort, dragged from elsewhere. The victim was an uncle of easygoing groom Roberto Salas, and the black sheep of the family. Patrick examines his family and bridezilla Stacey Bonner's, which is richer and arrogant, except her pragmatic father, a wheeler dealer who bought a precious Bible and planned to read from it. Motives may stem from rivalry, adultery and larceny. Now that CBI policy no longer opposes marriage between Wayne and Grace, they must face their true intentions.
*	06x04 - Red Listed	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13763	Patrick confides only into Lisbon that the list of suspect stolen from his flat was a deliberate fake, one of which has already been murdered, so the others deserve police protection. A second, Richard Haibach, is too bitter, having been innocently arrested by the CBI earlier, and is kidnapped and tortured by a real suspect, Homeland Security special agent Robert Kirkland, who also approaches minor CBI agent Reede Smith. Patrick sees through Hightower's staged fatal holiday accident and arranges a meeting trough an aunt-accomplice. Learning about Kirkland's high protection, Patrick walks into a trap, but help is on the way- for both parties. Meanwhile Rigsby hopes his failed wedding night wasn't the end of his sexual happiness with Grace.
*	06x05 - The Red Tattoo	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13764	Chad Parkman, star coach of a San Francisco top gym, is found fatally stabbed in his hotel room, which nobody entered or left around his time of death. Visualize gets the lieutenant governor to arrange for their lawyer Jason Cooper and former CBI agent Ray Haffner to shadow the investigation, as Chad was a recent member. Patrick focuses on hidden gym-related grudges and discovers a bug, which isn't traced to Visualize either.
*	06x06 - Fire and Brimstone	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13765	Patrick in now certain of his Red John suspects shortlist and decides to assemble them for a surprise test on a clue he got from a dying victim: the mastermind serial killer has a tattoo on his left shoulder. Gale Bertram, Reede Smith, Ray Haffner and Tom McAllister all accept. Bret Stiles claims to be preparing his ascension 'above life' and found diplomatic asylum in the Ecuadorian consulate, but Patrick gets him transported secretly, then tricks Lisbon to be literally beached. Patrick now receives his guests and keeps them at gunpoint, but is in for a surprise too.
*	06x07 - The Great Red Dragon	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13766	A bomb, smuggled by Red John into the Jane home, making fatal victims on top of Patrick needing hospital care, and the tattoo shared by only half the suspects, leave only two alive, both fled. Agent Reede Smith barely survives, thank to Rigsby's arrival, an attempt to eliminate him by two cahoots from local police and FBI, one of which is arrested. Saved again from the other by Cho whiling trying to surrender, Smith admits they all belong to a cleverly compartmented 'Blake society' with password 'Tiger, tiger'. Meanwhile Lisbon accidentally prevents CBI director Bertram to kill Jane, who ultimately had to go public as the manhunt is brilliantly sabotaged. The FBI gets a court order to shut down the CBI pending a full investigation.
*	06x08 - Red John	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13767	Gale Bertram, eludes the police with his armed companion Oscar Cordero and proposes a meeting with Patrick at his wife's cemetery. The knucklehead FBI boss, who already shut down the CBI indefinitely and treats Lisbons team as virtual criminals, has them arrested for armed opposition to his attempts to stop Patrick, in fact a ploy to follow him, in vain.
*	06x09 - My Blue Heaven	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13768	Two years after the Red John case was put to rest, Jane's newfound peace is interrupted by a surprising job offer that could change everything for him.
*	06x10 - Green Thumb	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13769	The FBI reluctantly enlists Jane's help to find a missing computer programmer, but he won't help unless Lisbon is brought on board.
*	06x11 - White Lines	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13770	Patrick arrives in his new Texan FBI HQ and accepts to help investigate the murder on five DAA agents in Corpus Christi. First agent Kim Fischer, officially in charge, must accept his latest demand, a comfy couch, but bonding with Lisbon, she starts to settle into giving Jane what he wants. The DAA agent in charge presents plausible suspects from the Colombian drug cartel-related gang his team was investigating, but one by one is murdered too. Patrick takes a special, seemingly romantic interest in Krystal Markham, 'widow' of the first of those, while whiz analyst Jason Wylie elaborates an idea to trace suspects by car motor sound.
*	06x12 - Golden Hammer	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13771	The team goes to investigate the suspicious death of a man who works for a company that occasionally works for the Pentagon. Jane thinks the man suspected that someone at the company was passing secrets. So they set a trap and find the middle man. They need to make the person they are looking for feel safe so they arrest the man's brother for his murder. Lisbon is approached by Ardiles, the prosecutor she worked with at the CBI. And he says he thinks someone is following him. Lisbon thinks he's paranoid.
*	06x13 - Black Helicopters	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13772	Patrick arrives in Mexico, driving his new mobile home HQ, before the flown-in FBI team to investigate the murder of a female Justice department lawyer whose corpse was dumped bizarrely besides the region's drug cartel's conventional 'graveyard'. He tracks the case back to Texas via human traffic tunnel to the inhospitable estate of an anti-government self-contained community, yet manages to get cordially invited to screen the members. Meanwhile Lisbon calls a marker, as advised by Jane, on LaRoche, to help Wayne and Van Pelt investigate the mysterious spying on the old CBI team.
*	06x14 - Grey Water	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13773	A previously beaten-up local environmental activist is murdered while a small oil company practices the explosively controversial drilling technique fracking in his town. The team finds possible motives in conflicts in the company and the victim's family and community. Meanwhile Wayne and Grace become intrusion victims of the mystery CSI veterans stalker and are brought in as FBI case consultants. Abbott fakes compliance with legal moves to stop the investigation against a rich ex-con suspect on the shortlist.
*	06x15 - White As The Driven Snow	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13774	While Wayne visits their former colleagues as FBI consultant, his wife Grace is kidnapped from their home. Last shortlist suspect Richard Haibach is arrested but came perfectly prepared even before his lawyer Laura Dubin arrives. The pair is abducted by Jane, who drops her on the road, and Wayne, who can't resist threatening Richard at gunpoint. When Patrick holds him back, the fiend gets hold of the gun and orders them to his late grandfather's cabin, where his sister Hazel guards Grace. However, the Haibachs are still in for a crucial surprise too.
*	06x16 - Violets	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13775	Hearing the FBI art colleague Marcus Pike's 'clean hands' team must deal with a master thief's gang, who made their first-ever kill, Patrick offers his team's help. Abbott plays along, even follows Jane's equally elaborate and mysterious instructions. Thus Patrivk and 'wife' Teresa pose as ideal marks to lure their sole mastermind suspect Edwin MacKaye trough his henchman Aaron Pulaski.
*	06x17 - Silver Wings of Time	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13776	While investigating a homicide in a bomb explosion at a bus stop, the team uncovers evidence that a man about to be executed on Texas's Death Row may be innocent.
*	06x18 - Forest Green	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13777	The younger sister of a woman whose corpse was found outside Kenyon Russell's Texan exclusive all-male club believed she put her trough college with a job as speech consultant, but is fact the victim used an alias to work in Peter Kilgallen's discrete brothel on club land. The looks into staff, including the discrete concierge, and guests, including adulterous golf pro Grant Kimura, whose cart was used, as well as FBI-investigated major investment fraud suspect Marvin Gryska, who seeks any way out, and lawyer Gregory Dyer, a rare regular guest. An elaborate trap is set up.
*	06x19 - Brown Eyed Girls	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13778	Bumping into to a man at a taco stand, Patrick deducts from his knocked-over shopping bags content that he must be holding a girl kidnapped and calls Lisbon, who is not amused to miss a date with her art crime lover. However they find in his home a dying girl. Patrick believes his protestations of innocence, and proves by hypnosis that he actually found the girl at a desolate spot, which provides clues for a series of abductions. It amount to white slavery, on a route to Mexico, which Patrick infiltrates with Abboot to lure the elusive masterminds into Texas.
*	06x20 - Il Tavolo Bianco	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13779	While Patrick is part of a sting to catch a mobster suspected of jury tampering to avoid a murder charge, agent Cho finds a new clue that could take the sex trafficking investigation in a new direction.
*	06x21 - Black Hearts	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13780	After the FBI discovers that the sex slave case is actually an illegal organ harvesting case, Patrick and Lisbon go after one of the group's suspected leaders before the latest group of kidnapped girls are lost.
*	06x22 - Blue Bird	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13781	After Patrick solves a fatal dorm drama without even concentrating, distracted by the prospect of Lisbon moving to DC, the team is commandeered 'no excuses' for a high-profile case. An anonymous letter, claiming to be from a cocky killer, gives a clue about the old, unsolved society murder in the Florida keys of Don De Jorio's first wife, mother of now adolescent daughter Christie. While investigating and trapping suspects, Patrick enjoys sort of courting Lisbon, which is cut short by an embarrassing truth coming to her ears. The trap works, but Jane only cares to act for once out of passionate emotion, regardless of the risks.
*	07x01 - Nothing But Blue Skies	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=14491	An undercover DEA agent has been murdered in the bowling bar where he was on the trail of an arms dealing drug fiend. Although Ken Spackman, the liaised agent in charge, forbids compromising the cover and hence possibly the while drug cartel chase, Jane quickly does so, promising to make up for it royally, and indeed even delivers an old child kidnapping and murder case. Agent Marcus Pike graciously accepts being dumped now Patrick has declared his love to elated Lison, yet asks his rival what he has to offer her in practical terms, while he packs and makes room for a new team member, Quantico rookie Michelle Vega.
*	07x02 - The Greybar Hotel	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=14528	The CIA wants sneaky insight in presumed arms dealers contacts via a parallel smuggle, broken-up luxury cars. Master car thief Cole Foster escaped but his blindly devoted girl friend is jailed, so Lisbon becomes her cell mate. The team makes the best of clues, but Patrick decides to stage a breakout, which proves really dangerous once he must give chase outside. Meanwhile Cho breaks in newbie Vega.
*	07x03 - Orange Blossom Ice Cream	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=14851	Jane and Lisbon travel to Beirut where they must work with Jane's familiar adversary, Erica Flynn, who agrees to help the FBI apprehend her boyfriend, a courier for terrorist organizations, in exchange for amnesty for her past crimes.
*	07x04 - Black Market	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=15060	In order to find a group of jewel thieves, Lisbon must channel her inner Patrick, who is too sick to investigate. Meanwhile, Abbott discovers that his past actions could cost his wife a promotion in Washington.
*	07x05 - The Silver Briefcase	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=15207	Jane and Lisbon secretly reopen a solved case to prove that a military colonel murdered his wife.
*	07x06 - Green Light	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=15961	Abbott's old colleague from the DEA asks for help to find out who got one of his agents killed, but he then tries to blackmail Abbott so that he can take all of the credit.
*	07x07 - Little Yellow House	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=16054	Patrick takes charges when he and Lisbon hear her slightly troublesome kid brother Jimmy is unwilling to cooperate with FBI and US Attorney Julie Sandoval as witness in the murder of Nathan Barnes, whose mother, a judge, who tried a major case against drug baron George Holiday. After tracing him and third Lisbon brother Stan, a victim of suspiciously 'coincidental' violence, in the Chicago family home, Patrick convinces Jimmy to cooperate. The key is a poker bunch he, Holiday and the victim belong to, including court clerk Charlie McInnis, so Patrick forces an introduction as 'easy prey'.
*	07x08 - The Whites of His Eyes	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=16152	Jane worries for Lisbon's safety when the team puts itself in the line of fire to protect the witness in a murder investigation from a skilled assassin.
*	07x09 - Copper Bullet	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=16319	Patrick refuses to allow corrupt senior DEA agent Bill Peterson to expose Abbott's execution of a drug baron and thus sabotage his wife's nomination as trade representative, and secure political capital with a new congressman from the opposite party faction. So Patrick mobilizes the erst of the team for an 'iformal', unsanctioned sting operation. They locate Bill's illegal gains by breaking int his home and deal with the bullet Peterson presents to the eager congressman's legislative assistant Missy Brammer.
*	07x10 - Nothing Gold Can Stay	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=16396	The team is tracking down three men who committed an armored car heist.
*	07x11 - Byzantium	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=16492	A "psychic" comes forward offering assistance in solving a double homicide. The team needs Patrick's expertise in the situation, but he has disappeared while coping with his subsequent fears for Lisbon's safety.
*	07x12 - Brown Shag Carpet	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=16600	The fake psychic having been fond slaughtered, the team is reinforced by former CBI colleague Rick Tork. After a new murder suggests the serial killer is getting bolder, while maintaining his freaky quirks, Patrick agrees, reluctantly and despite Lisbon, to act as bait by starring cockily in a live radio show. One caller calling himself Lazarus proves knowing unpublished details, but when he's traced and identified as Joe Keller, his phone proves a trap. The diversion allowed Lazarus to hit Jane's car and capture him, to test his 'psychic' talent for a surprisingly pious, yet morbid purpose, which Patrick finds out. Wylie brilliantly researches the MO's macabre quirks and drags Cho along to track down suspects in the know.
*	07x13 - White Orchids	| 		| 	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=16601	0
