
GOSSIP GIRL (2007–2012)	GGirl,Mental	https://inogift.github.io/ggirl/GG_S1/1x15-Desperatly%20seeking%20Serena.html	Serena's world becomes chaos when a former friend-turned-enemy, the evil and sociopath Georgina Sparks, returns to town and transfers to her school. Dan sees Serena preoccupied and he assumes that it has something to do with the nasty Chuck, who's looking forward to making her life a living-hell as her soon-to-be step-brother. Nate connects with the last person he expected, Vanessa over his failed relationship with Blair. Serena goes out with Georgina for a night on the town to try to patch things up between them, but things get so bad that Serena thinks someone spiked her drink. Meanwhile, Hazel and Penelope try to recruit newcomer Nelly Yuki to be part of their gossip club, but it is not easy. Blair supervises the whole operation and hatches a plan to sabotage Nelly. When Nelly breaks down after being reminded of her recent break-up with her boyfriend, the ladies find their way in and Nelly comes to the Waldorf penthouse where Blair tries to repair the damage. Elsewhere, Jenny develops a crush on 16-year-old dog-walker, Asher Hornsby, who might be her ticket to permanent popularity.
Pilot	GGirl	https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewforum.php?f=160	The privileged prep school teens on Manhattan's Upper East Side learn that Serena van der Woodsen is back in town, though her reasons for returning are mysterious.
2. The Wild Brunch	GGirl	https://inogift.github.io/ggirl/GG_S1/episode-2-The_Wild_Brunch.html	Serena confides in Blair that she had sex with her boyfriend, Nate, right before she skipped town. But Blair, being the person she is, vows a cruel revenge against Serina who decides that Dan would make a good escort for the fund raiser brunch at the Palace Hotel... a brunch hosted by none other than Jenny's would-be rapist, Chuck, and his uptight father Bart. Meanwhile, 'Gossip Girl' posts on her web bloc that Jenny, the eager freshman, paid a visit to ultra-cool Blair, who quickly realizes that granting the eager wannabe access to her elite inner circle might just prove useful. Elsewhere, Lily meets with Rufus about how their lives went since they parted 15 years earlier, and Dan discovers Lily's relationship with Bart, while Blair sends him running after she tells him all about Serina's sordid past.
3. Poison Ivy	GGirl	https://inogift.github.io/ggirl/GG_S1/episode-3-Poison_Ivy.html	As the teens prepare for Ivy League college representatives to visit their campuses, Blair uncovers a secret about Serena; Dan sets his sights on impressing the Dartmouth representative; …
